
Here's a detailed documentation for the project, explaining the purpose, structure, and functionality of each component, along with instructions for running the program.

Multi-Agent Task Execution System
Overview
This project demonstrates a multi-agent system where different agents (such as Researcher, Writer, and Editor) collaborate to complete a specified task. The system dynamically creates agents based on the roles required by the task description, coordinates their interaction, and produces a final output in text format.

Key Features
Dynamic Agent Creation: Agents are created based on the roles identified from the task description.
Task Coordination: The system orchestrates the interaction between agents to complete the task.
Modular Design: Each agent has a specific responsibility, making the system easy to extend and maintain.


Project Structure
multi_agent_system/
├── agents/
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── researcher.py
│   ├── writer.py
│   ├── editor.py
│   └── worker_factory.py
├── tasks/
│   ├── __init__.py
│   └── task_manager.py
├── main.py
├── requirements.txt
└── README.md

Components
1. agents/ Directory
Contains the different agents responsible for completing specific parts of the task.

researcher.py: Defines the ResearcherAgent class, responsible for gathering research data.
writer.py: Defines the WriterAgent class, responsible for drafting content based on the research.
editor.py: Defines the EditorAgent class, responsible for editing and finalizing the draft.
worker_factory.py: Contains the WorkerFactory class, which creates instances of the agents dynamically based on the required roles.

2. tasks/ Directory
Contains the TaskManager class, responsible for parsing the task description and determining which roles are required to complete the task.
task_manager.py: Defines the TaskManager class, which analyzes the task description to identify the necessary roles (e.g., Researcher, Writer, Editor).

3. main.py
The main orchestration script that coordinates the entire system. It reads the task description, identifies the required roles, creates the necessary agents, and orchestrates their interaction to complete the task and produce the final output.

4. requirements.txt
Lists any external dependencies required by the project. For this basic example, no external dependencies are needed.

5. README.md
Provides an overview of the project, including instructions on how to set up and run the system.

How It Works
Input Task:

The user inputs a task description (e.g., "Write and edit a summary of the latest research on NLP models").
Task Parsing:

The TaskManager analyzes the task description and identifies the roles required to complete it (e.g., Researcher, Writer, Editor).
Agent Creation:

The WorkerFactory dynamically creates the necessary agents based on the identified roles.


Task Execution:
The TaskCoordinator orchestrates the interaction between the agents:
The Researcher agent gathers information related to the task.
The Writer agent drafts content based on the research.
The Editor agent finalizes the draft by editing it.

Output:
The final output is produced in text format, fulfilling the original task.

Install Dependencies:
If there are any dependencies listed in requirements.txt, you can install them using pip:


pip install -r requirements.txt
Run the Program:
Execute the main script to start the program:

python main.py
You will be prompted to enter a task description. After entering the task description, the system will process it and output the final result.

Example
Input:
Enter a task description: Write and edit a summary of the latest research on NLP models.
Output:
Final edited content: Draft content based on research: Recent advancements in NLP include transformer-based models like BERT and GPT, which have revolutionized text processing by providing better context understanding. These models are particularly effective in tasks like sentiment analysis, machine translation, and question answering. Researchers are now focusing on improving efficiency through methods like model distillation and pruning.
Extending the System
You can easily extend the system by adding new agents for different roles. For example, you could add a ProofreaderAgent to review the final content or a DataVisualizerAgent to create visual summaries.

Adding a New Agent
Create the Agent Class:

Add a new file (e.g., proofreader.py) in the agents/ directory.
Define the ProofreaderAgent class with a perform_task method.
Update the WorkerFactory:

Add a new case in the WorkerFactory.create_worker method to handle the creation of the ProofreaderAgent.
Update the TaskManager:

Modify the TaskManager to include the new role if the task description requires it.
Conclusion
This project provides a flexible and modular approach to building a multi-agent system for task execution. By following the provided structure, you can extend and customize the system to meet various task requirements, making it a powerful tool for automating complex workflows.